this is a story of two species
on the beaches of Mexico
fighting to survive these
endangered olive ridley turtles
and the impoverished humans who
hunt and sell their ex don't
remember a time when I went to
our packaging up you're not a
medical background that what we
are doing here or i don't think
we're down by now you know you
know getting a little when you
get on like a man given a common
people total legs have been a
part of local culture for
centuries but taking and selling
them was outlawed in 1990
and it's now a federal crime
punishable with up to nine years
in prison
depriving people of one of the
few sources of income they had
but when it comes to putting
food on the table
even the Lord one stop them
going somewhere where all is
calm all right or not
ok are being up on your word
you're not looking to store be
this is miguel he's from a
village on the beach and like
many people here
he started coaching ex when he
was a young boy
well I'm which I hint in his
deposit it into a part of one
sec that you're working
ok today in those cases on the
little more little more little
the turtles like fifty to a
hundred eggs at a time
they buried them in small mess
before heading back to the ocean
humans use a stick to find the
hollow ground and locate the
mists
we spent hours traveling around
different villages going from
house to house talking to poach
with Miguel knows it felt like
everybody around here hunter
takes even women and children
we hope to film people at home
to show how they lived but
because a hunting is a federal
crime
nobody wanted to talk on camera
during the peak landing periods
when thousands of turtles
arrived
Marines and environmental
inspectors are sent in to
protect the beach from poachers
it makes it much harder for the
poachers to go out but many
still take the risk
this year they even started
using surveillance drawings
a contar para que seguro en este
momento que canta esta haciendo
una vida pero como estan las
donas de que no se puede ver
quien está buscando una camisa
es de bien por esa persona que
la que simplemente te entiendo
o en este okay Doris those como
estamos igual que la gente que
pasa de trabajo no quiero con
este es uno momento porque la
toda la noche know your
circadian noche a las otras
noticias much
i'm indy en esta vez en dos que
NOS estamos viendo los detalles
y todavia estamos en español
you're taking it out of play
about the case in Munich a co-ed
an hour
okay i dont la diosa cuento que
me but they got this holiday so
quickly and I feel equal to the
world when we have been it
Amelia had to split a little
easy way of solar you know me
know when it happens that but
what all these security measures
are taken on the beach
the total legs are openly sold
in local markets so in the
market which done is crazy
no eggs sale everywhere even
though it's completely legal and
it's actually a federal crime
I've heard of journalists
getting a camera smashed it so
I'm just acting on the tourists
and filming on a cell phone
while I can't believe that they
send in the Marines
you're such a big showdown the
piece of people don't take the X
and
and completely allow the sale of
the eggs in the market and the
authorities don't seem to be
doing anything valley
so that's definitely the double
standard is going on
I asked the district attorney
for Environmental Protection how
this was possible
el mercado de to represent a
para nosotros el pollo Rojo mas
grande que tenemos el estado de
mas que probarlo mooch
estrategia de no solamente day
maternal mercado de determinar
algun otro tipo de conflict ocls
uma vez de la torre de steaming
ill completo para el no es mi
amigo cuando socio-political the
feeling around here is the egg
poaching will only stop if the
government provide alternatives
porque no no yo no sé de da de
da de da de la comunidad de
poner una de empleo y de su una
empleado de elección de huevos
con el otro lugar para que esta
pasando interlude y se pueden
hacer mucho projectors trabajo
en denver 10 de niro back in
which each time we went for
lunch at a local family-run
restaurant
like many places here total legs
or even listed on the menu
everybody in which it i knew the
eggs were illegal but few seem
to know about the turtles being
in danger of extinction
if the amigo bueno
livable pero no porque no pro or
even no digo que tiene muy
efecto de algo de medicina en
este
field whatever no no bro you
even broke up with Indian
country
the struggle between the two
species continues with each side
fighting for its offspring
while the numbers decline
worldwide the totals will
continue arriving to the beach
too late Eric's and until other
opportunities present themselves
the humans will continue to
steal them food on the table for
their families